add github enterprise fingerprint instructions (#6379)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server-3-install.adoc

* *OAuth Client Secret (required)* -
The OAuth Client Secret provided by Github.

* *Github Enterprise Fingerprint* -

> Required when using a proxy.  Include the output of `ssh-keyscan github.example.com` in the textarea.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Required when using a proxy. Include the output of `ssh-keyscan github.example.com` in the text area.
```
